(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(gentle inspirational music)
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live
the digital world.
Tai and the other Digi-destined,
along with their
partner Digimon,
continue their quest.
They are determined to prevent
the impending resurrection
of Millenniumon,
the bringer of
destruction and darkness.
Through the battles
they had faced
on the eternal continent,
Matt and Gabumon
began to show signs
of an awesome new power.
(energy trilling)
(energy crackling)
The true form of that power
is about to be revealed.
(fan creaking)
-(engine rumbling)
-(electricity crackling)
(metallic ringing)
(door creaking)
(tires screeching)
(motor sputtering)
-(Komondomon woofing)
-[Tai] Whoa, where are we?
[Agumon] This place is huge!
Looks like it's seen
better days though.
I wonder if there are
any snacks around.
-Huh? Ah?
-(engine revving)
What is it, bud?
Over there!
[Sora] Whatever it is
it's moving really fast.
[Izzy] Machmon, huh?
I think I know where we are.
We've arrived at some
sort of race track.
(tires skidding)
(engine sputtering)
Hey Matt?
Huh?
How about we go for a run?
(exciting orchestral music)
(Digivice whirring)
[Gabumon] Gabumon digivolve to
Garurumon!
(exciting suspenseful music)
(engine revving)
(tires screeching)
(wind whooshing)
Can I help you?
Nice speed!
How's about a race?
(scoffs) Got a name?
Garurumon.
You like to run, huh?
Totally! Running with
Matt is always a blast.
Matt? Oh, you must mean him.
[Garurumon] Yeah,
he's my partner.
As long as Matt's with me,
I feel like I can go faster
than I can possibly imagine!
Watching you twist and turn
across the concrete just now,
I felt this irresistible
urge to do the same thing.
So what do you say, Machmon?
You in?
I'd stick to the
sidelines if I were you.
(tires screeching)
There isn't a soul alive
that hasn't regretted
challenging me.
(tires screeching)
We'll see.
(footsteps thudding)
[Sora] What a cool box suite.
We've got a perfect view
of the track from here.
Wait a sec,
they're racing each other?
It looks like they
already started!
[Izzy] This circuit
is approximately
one and a half miles long.
And it also features
three large banked turns.
(tires skidding)
(footsteps thumping)
Ooh, I love that!
What's a banked turn?
[Izzy] It's a type of turn
where the track is
sloped at an angle
that makes the
outer side taller.
This way racers can make a turn
and maintain their momentum
without having to slow down.
There's an especially tricky one
located right before the goal.
The 450 degree looped curve
is easily the most
challenging part.
Yowza. Talk about extreme!
(footsteps thudding)
(engine thrumming)
-(Machmon exclaims)
-(energy whirring)
[Matt] Nice, we
finally caught up!
We got this in the bag.
(Matt grunts)
(Machmon yells)
I'm going to crush you!
(exciting suspenseful music)
-(Matt gasps)
-[Garurumon] Machmon?
(tires screeching)
(weapons beeping)
What's going on?
[Izzy] Machmon's
attacking Garurumon!
But why?
Geez, no need for violence.
Except that's par for the course
on the Digital World
Grand Prix Circuit.
The grand what?
[Gatomon] I had a feeling,
we're at the Digital
World Grand Prix.
Its origins are unclear,
but it's a traditional event
where contestants
gather and compete
for the title of
the fastest Digimon.
-(weapons beeping)
-(Machmon exclaiming)
Participants are allowed to win
using any means necessary,
no matter how violent.
It's a death race!
C'mon, what's your
problem Machmon?
Didn't think you were
the type to play dirty!
(weapons beeping)
-(electric crackling)
-Ah!
(tires skidding)
Hey, wait up!
Slow down and tell us
what's going on here.
(footsteps thudding)
(echoing ring)
-(Garurumon exclaiming)
-(metal swishing)
(Garurumon grunting)
(energy pulsing)
Stop it.
-That's enough!
-(metal clacking)
(tires screeching)
(metallic ringing)
[Both] He's flying!
(metal crashing)
(Machmon exclaiming)
Oh no!
Matt!
(Digivice trilling)
Now Garurumon!
(energy bursting)
(exciting suspenseful
music fades)
Garurumon.
(loud crashing)
(Matt grunts)
Are you okay?
Come on buddy.
Speak to me!
How is Machmon?
You gotta stay with me, okay?
Gabumon!
(fan creaking)
(Gabumon grunting)
[Matt] Gabumon?
How are you feeling?
[Gabumon] Better.
That's good to hear!
You're not still
hurting, are you?
[Gabumon] Nah.
I think I'm fine thanks.
(engine rumbling)
Sorry about what
happened back there.
[Gabumon] Oh uh.
Machmon's the one
who carried you here.
Really?
It was the least I could do
But why did you?
[Patamon] Whoa!
These are so cool!
(trophies twinkling)
[Gatomon] Trophies and
plaques from the Grand Prix.
Seems like Machmon has
won a lot of races.
[Palmon] Wow, impressive!
I'm afraid that's
all in the past.
You see,
I've actually been
burning rubber alone
for quite some time now.
-(gentle melancholic music)
-[Sora] What?
You mean they put the
breaks on the grand Prix?
Yep. It is what it is kid.
(Gabumon sighs)
Your glory days
may be long gone,
but that's no excuse for
attacking a fellow Digimon
who didn't even know
about the old death races.
When I'm in the zone,
my instincts kick in
like a burst of nitro.
Once it's on, I can't hold back.
Oh, c'mon!
You can outrun anyone!
So why do you need to
resort to foul play?
Matches are a different story.
You can't protect your title
by playing fair, unfortunately.
But you don't need to care
about that kinda stuff now.
You're still out there
doing laps by yourself
because you just
like to race, right?
As long as there's
competition, I have to win.
If I give up on that,
I give up on myself.
Listen, every time
you revved up,
it's like I could
hear your soul sing.
Which is why I wanna
rematch with you!
(Machmon gasps)
Gabumon?
I'm asking you to
try and beat me
based on speed and speed alone!
And I know you
have what it takes,
'cause I've seen
how fast you can go.
What are you getting at?
Whenever I'm blazing
through the trails
with Matt on my back, it's
the best feeling in the world!
It's like the two of us
are one with each other.
And that's what
gives me my legs.
Look, you might
not have a partner,
but you do have a pal.
Who's willing to give you a
little friendly competition.
(Machmon grunts)
If we can have a fair race,
then it'll be the most
epic Grand Prix ever!
(gentle melancholic music fades)
You got a deal.
Yes!
But absolutely no
battling, just racing.
Of course!
As long as it's a clean race,
we'll be cheering you
on from the sidelines!
So that means you two
better bring on the heat!
-You know it!
-(Matt grunts)
(wind whistling)
You seem concerned Matt,
is something the matter?
You worried Machmon's not
gonna follow through with this?
I'm thinking about
the sudden shift
that happened during the race.
We're supposed to
believe that was
just Machmon's
instincts kicking in.
But there's
something more to it,
I just don't know what.
I guess we'll have to find the
answer out on the racetrack.
The deciding factor
will probably be
-this 450 degree loop.
-(soft ominous droning)
(logo whooshing)
(spirited ceremonious music)
[Joe] Here we are, folks!
Get ready for the
match of the century!
I'm your host, Joe Kido!
With the great Izzy Izumi
providing commentary!
Go on.
Garurumon's a newcomer,
so we'll have to see
if he has what it takes
to overthrow the champion.
Is what Izzy would say
Wait a sec, where'd Izzy go?
[Group] Hey, Hey! Ho, ho!
Garurumon is ready to go!
[Group] Hey, hey! Ho, ho!
We be fast and they be slow!
Not that I disagree,
but why do I have to do this?
[Joe] The rules are simple
and straightforward.
The first one to finish
three complete laps
around the course
and reach the goal
is the winner!
It's Garurumon versus Machman!
Who shall seize victory?
Let me thank you
while I still can.
I never thought I'd get the
chance to race someone again.
I'm making this last one count.
Your last one?
Don't get too close
to me once we start.
If I spin out and
lose control again,
it's gonna be a real drag.
[Tai] I hope you're ready!
The countdown is starting now!
Nine, eight, seven,
-six, five, four,
-(Machmon revving)
[Tai] three, two, one!
Start the race!
(Komondomon howls)
(spirited orchestral music)
[Joe] And we're off!
-Go you two!
-Do your best, guys!
-(engine thrumming)
-(footsteps thumping)
Whoa!
My eyes can't keep up.
[Joe] They've rounded
the first corner
and Machmon's taken the lead.
But Garurumon's
closing in from behind!
It's anyone's guess
how the situation
might unfold from here.
Right Tentomon?
-Wait, what?
-Izzy just called him over,
so I think he had to leave.
[Joe] Seriously?
-(footsteps thumping)
-(engine thrumming)
You alright with leaving
the planning up to me?
Of course!
Long as you're alright
with letting me do the running.
We'll stay quiet
for the first lap,
so we can check how
our opponent moves.
Copy.
-(engine thrumming)
-(footsteps thumping)
[Garurumon] These turns
are kind of intense!
(electricity crackling)
(computer trilling)
I haven't seen any
noticeable changes yet
(engine revving)
They're unreal!
It's so windy here.
[Joe] Here we go!
They both begun
their second laps!
They're catching up.
-(energy trilling)
-(footsteps thumping)
Time to move in.
Roger that.
(tires skidding)
Here we go.
(energy crackling)
-(computer trilling)
-Huh?
[Izzy] Matt!
-(weapons beeping)
-(Machmon exclaiming)
(Garurumon grunts)
(group gasping)
Not again!
What gives? That's
against the rules!
We went over this.
You were not supposed to attack.
(Machmon yelling)
(energy crackling)
Watch out!
You need to Dodge!
(Garurumon gasping)
What's happening?
[Izzy] Listen, something
tells me that Machmon
might be attacking
you against his will.
Look! I detected some
anomalous vital signs,
deep within Machmon's body.
-(tense orchestral music)
-[Tai] What is this?
[Izzy] A Digimon that
leeches off other Digimon,
Parasimon!
That's horrible!
[Gatomon] The Parasimon
help a host Digimon
maximize their abilities in
exchange for their energy.
It seems like a
symbiotic relationship,
but there's more
to it than that.
The host's body and mind
become more infested over time
until the Parasimon take
them over completely.
Hosts becomea living shell.
[Tai] No way! How do
we purge them out?
I'm not entirely sure.
At this point they could be
completely fused together.
[Matt] Hold on.
I think Machmon's
been fighting it.
He hasn't allowed himself
to be taken over yet.
(Machmon groaning)
[Izzy] Glad to hear it.
I try to pinpoint the
Parasimon's whereabouts.
(energy whirring)
(Machmon yelling)
(gasps) Machmon, no!
(tires screeching)
[Garurumon] Is your
body getting hijacked?
[Machmon] Yes. And I wouldn't
have it any other way.
You're joking, right? Why?
-(metallic clacking)
-(Machmon exclaiming)
Please! Tell us what's going on.
I have to unleash my maximum
speed and keep my title.
That's why I let Parasimon in!
You're not the only
one with a partner.
We're the exact opposite of you.
You guys are a team,
I'm just a phony champion!
That's not true!
Get out of here!
I can't stop my body from
attacking you Garurumon!
No way! This race is
between you and me!
[Machmon] Once I fall apart,
this free loader will find
some new host to take over.
But I won't let that happen!
I'm gonna burn out
and blow myself up
to get rid of
Parasimon for good!
(Garurumon gasps)
You planned on this
from the start?
I played the fake champion
and lost my friends.
The only part of me left is
this miserable loneliness.
I can't take it anymore!
-I'm done running in circles!
-(energy whirring)
I'm gonna tear you into pieces!
(metallic clacking)
Nothing left to
do but fight back.
(low growl) Then let's go.
(suspenseful orchestral music)
Garurumon Digivolve to
(energy whirring)
(energy trilling)
WereGarurumon!
(energy ringing)
-(teeth gnashing)
-(WereGarurumon grunting)
(metallic clacking)
(electricity crackling)
[Izzy] I found something!
I did a quick scan when
those legs regenerated.
There was a huge energy
spike in the engine's core!
I bet that's where
Parasimon's hiding.
-Take 'em out while we can!
-(Digivice trilling)
-(energy bursting)
-Sounds good to me!
(energy whirring)
(Matt yelling)
(Parasimon warbling)
(Matt grunting)
Matt, no!
Leave them be Parasimon!
They've got nothing
to do with me!
[WereGarurumon] Says who?
Are you really
gonna cut us loose
after we've been through?
-(energy crackling)
-What are you talking about?
Hurry up and get outta here!
Don't worry about
me I'll be fine.
Just leave me alone!
No, can do.
It's like my partner
was trying to tell you,
you can't go back
once you run together.
'Cause now we're friends!
You hear that!
You can't get rid of
us that easy, buddy.
I promise!
Me and Matt are gonna
put an end to this.
No more chasing pavement
from here on out!
-(energy whirring)
-(Digivice whirring)
(exciting rhythmic music)
(WereGarurumon yelling)
[Matt] That's right.
There's always tomorrow.
Even when you're
past haunts you,
you can still move forward.
No time like the present to try.
Stand up, face front.
Take a real deep breath,
and live your life
to the fullest!
[Both] Keep fighting!
Never give up!
(Digivice whirring)
(energy trilling)
WereGarurumon!
Digivolve to
(energy whizzing)
(energy whirring)
(electricity crackling)
MetalGarurumon!
(stuttering) Wha...
'Wh- Wh- Wh- What?!
(Gomamon exclaiming)
That's incredible,
A Mega Digimon!
(group gasping)
No way! He just digivolved!
(air whoosing)
(metallic clacking)
(metal clashing)
(air whooshing)
(Parasimon warbling)
-(metallic clinking)
-Metal Wolf Claw!
(air whooshing)
(energy fizzling)
(metal clacking)
Machmon! You're gonna be okay!
(electricity crackling)
Hey, uh, you can slow down now!
Are you listening?
[Izzy] At this velocity,
he's going right
out of the loop!
And the only thing
past that cliff is air!
We have to do something!
Leave it to me, Matt!
-Garuru Tomahawk!
-(mechanical droning)
(air whooshing)
(explosion)
(metal crashing)
Could be worse.
Oh, well.
Time to cross that great
finish line in the sky.
[MetalGarurumon] Not so fast!
(Machmon gasps)
-(metallic whirring)
-(air whooshing)
(energy whirring)
(metal crashing)
(rocks rumbling)
(energy warbling)
-(gentle heartfelt music)
-Check you out,
You're still in one piece!
You should be able to run
without any problems now.
Okay, buddy?
Better get moving.
Don't you know the
goals just up ahead?
Thank you.
(Gabumon chuckling)
(footsteps plodding)
(gentle heartfelt music fades)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
(gentle ethereal music)
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
-MetalGarurumon.
-(computer trilling)
This Digimon digivolves
from WereGarurumon.
Metal Garurumon is
covered in metal
from head to toe in this form!
[Gabumon] Let's check
out more facts about me.
-[Izzy] Hey Gabumon!
-(gentle inspirational music)
[Gabumon] I may have
a steely physique,
but my jaws are not metalized.
And whenever Matt
scratches me there,
it's the best
feeling in the world.
[Izzy] Really? I
wanna pet you too!
(digital beeping)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
(adventurous orchestral music)
[Narrator] As the
situation becomes dire,
can TK save Angemon
from the darkness?
[Tai] Next time on Digimon
Adventure: "The Sword of Hope"
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.